This devil is immortal
Killing like a cockroach
I'm sorry, it's all to save me Dragon Ball
That was my decision.
Don't blame yourself.
In response to the wind
I admit that your strength was the strongest at the time
You can beat me.
But it can never destroy me, can it?
I don't know if Lord Demon Lord is the strongest second time
Is there any misunderstanding?
Say what is the so-called strongest
That is to destroy everything in the world
Even if you are immortal
I can also make you ashes
Hello, Zhao Yunfeng
You finally used the power of your bones
I offer his cultivation method
Ah!
Uh-huh.
The name of the valley is super
This will show you
What is the strongest
God, is this the power of the ancient gods?
Too strong yeah
But not
What do you mean?
Every morning seems the same
But each dynasty uses a different move
Don't be so
I would also like to thank the Lord of the National Army for his advice along the way
If it weren't for the blood feud
Such a powerful force
To say that he is not dead
I give him a stick of incense, and he will come back to life again
No, he won't this time.